---
layout: post
title: Release 2.4.0
---
## [2.4.0] - 2018-8-26

### Added
1. Axis aligned plane grid. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
2. CMO Reader. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
3. Animation KeyframeUpdater. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
4. Added UV Transform in PhongMaterial/DiffuseMaterial (WPF.SharpDX and UWP).
5. Added custom billboard texture sampler.

### Improvement and Changes
1. Move render environment map and render shadow map properties into PhongMaterial. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
2. Includes material sorting if EnableRenderOrder = true. Update RenderOrder to ushort. Update sorting key to be uint = [RenderOrder, MaterialID]. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
3. MaterialVariable pooling. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
4. Obsolete BoneMatrices struct. Improve BoneSkinnedGeomerty3D. Directly Martix array binding for bones. Add BoneGroupModel3D for bone sharing. Implemented basic key frame animation support and [Demo](https://github.com/helix-toolkit/helix-toolkit/tree/develop/Source/Examples/WPF.SharpDX/BoneSkinDemo). (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
5. Performance improvement.

### Fixed
1. Fix bug on DisposeAndClear not called during detaching scene node. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
2. Fix bug on invalidate scene graph not working on detaching scene node. (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
3. Instanced models are not properly exported using ObjExporter #902 (WPF.SharpDX)
4. Coordinate system and view cube are clipped when resizing the Viewport3DX #892 (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
5. Wrong Y texture coordinate #870 (WPF.SharpDX and UWP)
6. ObjExporter export MeshGeometryModel3D fails #857 (WPF.SharpDX)
